♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During the Straw
Hats' journey to Dressrosa,
a mysterious man named
Breed attacks their ship
with his band of sea monsters
and escapes with Caesar Clown.
To retrieve him,
Luffy, Law, and Chopper
sneak onto the enemy's ship,
where they are reunited with
a Kung Fu Dugong from Alabasta.
But like the dugong
and his animal friends,
they find themselves
at the mercy
of Breed's Devil Fruit power.
[BREED] I order you to rip
them limb from limb!
[DUGONG A growls, screams]
[LUFFY]
"A Major Turnaround!
Luffy's Angry Iron
Fist Strikes!"
[clapping]
[cackles] My, that was
quite a powerful punch!
I'm pleased with you, Dugong!
Tell me, how does
it feel to annihilate
those disgusting humans
with your own two flippers?
[cackles]
[yells]
Heel!
It looks like I have no choice
but to give my pet
some obedience training!
[BREED grunts]
[CHOPPER]
Stop!
Oh! There's my sweet Chappy!
You look so upset!
[sighs] Aw, it's okay now.
Why don't you just forget
all about Straw Hat?
The kingdom I plan to build
will be the perfect home!
You and all my other pets can
live with me forever and ever,
how does that sound?
[grunts]
What's the meaning of this?
I'm a pirate, you know!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Pirates are supposed to be free!
I'm not gonna be your pet!
I would rather die
than obey you!
[LUFFY] When you're a pirate,
you're always free!
Don't be silly.
You would never betray me
like he did, would you?
You don't own me! And my
only captain is Luffy!
You stupid rat!
Straw Hat and
Trafalgar have sunken
straight to the
bottom of the sea!
Or did you forget?
Someone who consumes a Devil
Fruit can never swim again--
[CHOPPER] Luffy wouldn't be
killed by someone like you!
‘Cause he's gonna be
King of the Pirates one day!
King of the Pirates, you say?
[CHOPPER grunts]
You must be out of your mind!
[CHOPPER]
You're out of your mind!
You actually think you can make
everyone in the
world into your pets?
And worse yet,
you think I'd actually
be happy about it?
You're mean and selfish
and you don't try to understand
anyone else around you!
Why would we follow you?
[BREED growls]
[PIRATE A]
You don't try to understand
anyone else around you!
Why would we follow
somebody like that?
I've heard enough!
--[CHOPPER groans]
--[SEA CREATURES gasp]
[gasps]
[BREED panting]
I'll leave the rest
to you, my pets.
Huh? Go on! Did you not hear me?
I want you to teach
these two rebellious curs
a lesson at once!
[CHOPPER] Is his power
wearing off somehow?
Now, finish them!
[SEA LAPINS yell]
[BOTH gasp]
[gasps]
What is happening?
[CHOPPER grunting]
It can't be!
[LUFFY]
Leave this to us, okay, guys?
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
I came to get my
friend Chopper back,
and to punch you in the
face while I'm at it!
How did you--?
But you're both supposed to be
dead at the bottom of the sea!
[LAW] Your little trick
won't work on us anymore.
[BREED]
What? Of course it will!
Trafalgar! Straw Hat! Sit!
[BREED]
I-I told you to sit, damn you!
I know you hear me!
Yep, that's what I thought.
How do you expect me to obey you
if I can't even hear what you're
asking me to do, “Master”?
[gasps]
[CHOPPER gasps]
[LAW] Thanks to these,
I don't have to hear
that annoying racket of yours.
It's nice.
[BREED sputters]
[LAW] You've got loudspeakers
and Transponder Snails
set up all over this ship
so you can command
all the animals
at once, don't you?
[BREED] What? When did
you figure it out?
Back in the cell.
It wasn't hard to pick up on.
I heard that. Lie down!
Caesar. I said...
Lie down!
[yelps]
Once I realized it,
I just faked being obedient
while I waited for a good
opportunity to take Caesar back.
Even when you were
fighting Straw Hat?
That's right.
The whole thing was
nothing but an act.
But him.
[LUFFY growls]
He was actually being
manipulated the entire time.
You say somethin'?
I can't hear you, dude, you know
I'm wearing earplugs over here.
We never even hit the water.
All I had to do was use
my powers on the way down.
[laughs] Now I just
need to sneak out of here
while he's still preoccupied
with those two buffoons!
Ah! Is that their submersible?
Cae-ro-ro-ro!
Don't mind if I do!
[LUFFY grunts]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hey, it's Caesar!
Then we happened to catch
Caesar on his way out.
Pretty lucky.
I'm on a leash.
I hardly think “lucky”
is the word!
Huh? Say that again?
[CAESAR CLOWN] If you want
to join the conversation,
take out your earplugs!
[LUFFY]
What? I can't hear you.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I said, take out your earplugs!
Your ear plugs!
[BREED]
I've changed my mind.
All living things in
this world are garbage.
Human beings and pets alike!
[BREED]
Earplugs of all things!
Did you honestly think
you could outfox me
with a cheap gimmick like that?
[BREED]
Just watch.
You've yet to witness
the full extent
of what the Pet-Pet
Fruit can do!
What's goin' on?
[BREED]
If you won't listen to me,
I'll have to command myself!
I order myself to end you!
What is he doing?
Did he put that
collar on himself?
Wait a minute. That means--!
[cackles]
[laughs]
Yes, exactly!
Once instructions are given
to the wearer of this collar...
[BREED grunts]
[BREED] ...in this case,
myself, any abilities
that the subject possesses
will be amplified,
far beyond the limits of
their normal strength!
Now, die!
[BREED yells]
[BREED]
Fall in line, my pets!
What's goin' on, guys?
[BREED cackles]
Look at those lousy humans.
They have the gall
to disrespect me!
Make them regret it!
[screams]
[yells]
Stop, now!
[CHOPPER yelps]
[yelps]
[BREED yells]
What kind of messed-up captain
does this to his own crew?
[DUGONG A screams]
Seal, are you okay?
[yells]
What did you say?
[CHOPPER] He says,
“We're done being your pets!”
Huh?
“We may be members of your crew,
but we don't belong
to you, Breed!”
Ah?
[DUGONG A barking]
[CHOPPER] “You can't
push us around anymore!”
[DUGONG A barking]
[CHOPPER] “We're not a bunch of
puppets for you to control!”
[barking]
[CHOPPER]
“We're pirates!”
Ah?!
What?
Not my pets, eh? I'll make
you eat those words!
[ALL growling]
[LUFFY] Ready, Seal?
Let's take this loser out!
[barks]
[SEA LAPINS growling]
So, you've decided
to turn your backs
on your Master, have you?
Suit yourselves!
If that's how you want it,
I'll kill you, too!
Sea Lapins! Attack!
[SEA LAPIN B yelps]
[BREED yelling]
[BREED cackles]
I bet you weren't expecting
this kind of power!
I'll send you stubborn vermin
to hell where you belong!
[BREED cackles]
[BREED]
There's no escape for you now!
Okay. Let's get him!
[barks]
[BREED cackles]
Those who disobey my orders
don't deserve to live!
Either swear your
allegiance to me or die!
There's no place for
rebellion in my kingdom of--
Ah--
Wh-What's gotten into you?
Stop it! Let go!
[growls]
[BREED]
You're hurting your master!
Sit!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
--...Fore-fist...
--[DUGONG A yells]
[groans]
--[LUFFY] ...Punch!
--[DUGONG A yells]
[yelling]
[LUFFY yelling]
[DUGONG A yelling]
[yells]
[barks]
[laughs]
[FRANKY]
Hm? Hm?!
[LUFFY]
We're back!
What the heck? What's that?
See something?
Yeah, out there.
[LUFFY, CHOPPER]
Hey!
[SANJI] Oh, that's just
Luffy and Chopper.
Uh, and a dugong, and...
...bunnies?
[SEA LAPIN B grunting]
He said if we go straight,
we'll make it to
Dressrosa real soon!
Thanks for carrying
the Sunny, guys!
You're pretty
strong for rabbits!
You were a big help!
[grunting]
[DUGONG A squeaking]
So what are you gonna do
now that you're free?
Are you going
back to Alabasta?
[DUGONG A]
Uh-uh! [squeaking]
He says it's too early
for him to go home now.
Right, pal?
[barks]
“We're still the
Sea Monster Pirates!”
“So we're gonna journey
through the New World
in search of adventure!”
[laughs] Sounds like
a good plan!
[barking]
He says he appreciates
everything we did to help!
[laughs]
[LUFFY laughs]
You take care of
yourself out there.
[squeaks]
[SEA LAPIN B calls]
[SEA LAPIN B grunts]
[DUGONG A barks]
He says, “It's time for me
and my crew to set sail.
Goodbye!”
[DUGONG A barks]
[squeaks]
[ALL yell]
Later, Seal! Good luck!
[CHOPPER]
Don't catch a cold!
[LUFFY]
See you around!
It's the news!
Look, there's a story
about Doflamingo.
It says here...
...he resigned!
[ALL gasp]
And he gave up the
throne of Dressrosa?
What is that about?
Huh. If he had a throne, then
doesn't that mean he was a king?
Him, really? Who would
that guy rule over?
Birds, I guess.
Hate to be a downer,
but don't you think
this whole thing's workin' out
to be a little too convenient?
Nah, it's a good thing.
I mean, since he didn't
have a choice in the matter.
Huh... Hey.
Look at that, there's a picture
of me and Traffy in here!
[STRAW HATS]
Huh?
[SANJI] “Trafalgar Law
of the Seven Warlords.”
[NAMI] “Forms an alliance
with the Straw Hat Pirates”?
“It remains to be seen
how the government will
choose to punish Law.”
Oh, dear.
[FRANKY]
That ain't good.
Look, there's more!
[PIRATE B] Sure is a lot goin'
on in the world today!
Doflamingo quit the Warlords,
and now Law's workin'
with the Straw Hats?
And then, to top it all off,
Captain Kid!
Scratchmen Apoo!
Basil Hawkins!
It says the Kid Pirates,
the On Air Pirates,
and the Hawkins Pirates have
formed an alliance now, too!
Man, today's news just
keeps getting crazier!
I wonder why. Those
are the troublemakers
we've been keepin'
an eye on for two years.
So why are they in cahoots
all of a sudden?
It looks like things
are about to get intense
in the New World!
This is huge.
I can't believe all
those crews have decided
to join forces like that!
Yeah, just like we did!
I guess we had the
right idea, didn't we?
[LAW]
Forget about them.
Let's stick with
our original plan.
We'll keep our
focus on Doflamingo.
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts]
[LAW]
Think about it.
Yesterday's negotiation
was more crucial
for him than you realized.
[yelps]
All we did was kidnap
Caesar, remember?
And yet, practically overnight,
he gave up not only the throne
he's been sitting on
for the past ten years,
but also the Government's
carte blanche he was
given as a priveledge
when he became a Warlord.
If he did that just
to get Caesar back,
that should tell us
a lot about his motives.
[CROWD yelling]
[MAN A]
Your Majesty!
Tell us what's going on!
Why would you resign
from the Seven Warlords?
[MAN B]
Please answer us, Your Majesty!
[music playing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAILS ringing]
[MAN C]
Your Majesty!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL E ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL D ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL D]
Click.
[DOFLAMINGO] It's me.
You'll be happy to know
I've resigned.
[NARRATOR] News of Doflamingo's
resignation from the Warlords
quickly spreads,
taking the world by storm.
Just when Law's plan seems to
be progressing without a hitch,
Doflamingo strikes once again,
this time with a plot
that threatens to
light the world aflame
with more than just headlines!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
“Startling! The Big News
Shakes Up the New World!”
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!